Updates h1 and h2 of Learning Hub (#175)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/pages/learning-hub/audience.md

> title: The EthicalAds Audience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: About the Developers in Our Audience
```

Seems we want Developers here instead of EthicalAds.

slug: our-audience
description: Our 100% developer audience is geographically spread out and ranges in terms of technologies used and the skill level of the developer.

> subtitle: Advertising to developers has never been easier on our 100% developer network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: Advertising to developers has never been easier on our developer-focused ad network.
```

I don't think we should oversell 100% -- it's easy to disprove, but I don't feel super strongly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
subtitle: Marketing to developers has never been easier with our developer-focused ad network.
```
